stop screwing yourself your choice the
other stay up there and try to get
someone now are you coming down here and
hurts your asphalt it's your children's
park my by that I might have broken my
wrist my ankle right I broke my butt
chink at least five times mastered
where's this gum is this gum
[Music]
I'm gonna die today this night this is
gonna visit me hi
[Music]
the wrong text me look at his face look
at this face of it look at the face of
the EPP look look at me look at me
watch me out of you to break even you
can just forever look at his face he's
chewing look at him chew yeah look at
him chew look at his look at him
don't drop it it cost one hundred two
dollars plus tax
all right now you chumps know how it
feels
and last but not least this one